ci: Add CI step to check if precompiled regl shaders need to be updated (#7786)
plotly/plotly.js: CONTRIBUTING.md

#### Step 9: REGL - Review & commit potential changes to precompiled regl shaders

If you are implementing a new feature that involves regl shaders, or if you are

> making changes that affect the usage of regl shaders, you would need to regenerate the precompiled regl shader code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
making changes that affect the usage of regl shaders, you will need to regenerate the precompiled regl shader code.
```

> making changes that affect the usage of regl shaders, you would need to regenerate the precompiled regl shader code.

Reviewer: "if you are making changes that affect the usage of regl shaders"

How would a contributor know whether this applies to them? Is it a "if you know, you know" type of situation? Or, is there a list of files which, if they are changed, the regl shader code will _definitely_ need to be regenerated?

Author: The big indicator is the CI job failing. I can add a description of which changes would necessitate an update.

This is needed because regl performs codegen in runtime which breaks CSP
compliance, and so for strict builds we pre-generate regl shader code here.

The CI pipeline will automatically detect when regl-related files have changed and
run the codegen process. If the precompiled shaders are out of date, the
`check-regl-codegen` job will fail and upload a `regl-codegen` artifact containing
the updated files. The artifact represents the full desired state of the codegen
output (CI wipes the output directory before regenerating, so any orphaned shader
files are pruned). To fix this:

1. Download the `regl-codegen` artifact from the failed workflow run
2. Delete `src/generated/regl-codegen/` in your working tree, then unzip the
   artifact at the repo root so it replaces (rather than merges into) the
   existing directory. Also overwrite the four `regl_precompiled.js` files

>    under `src/traces/{scattergl,scatterpolargl,splom,parcoords}/`.

Reviewer: I don't quite follow this -- will these `regl_precompiled.js` files be nested inside `src/generated/regl-codegen/`?

If you have a link to an uploaded artifact, I can verify

Author: The `regl_precompiled.js` files will be under the **src/traces** directory.

3. Commit and push the changes to your pull request

Alternatively, you can regenerate the code locally:

```bash
rm -rf src/generated/regl-codegen/*
npm run regl-codegen
```

The `rm -rf` mirrors what CI does, so any orphaned shader files left over from

> previous changes get cleaned up. `npm run regl-codegen` will prompt you to open a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `rm -rf` step is needed to clean up any orphaned shader files left over from
previous changes. `npm run regl-codegen` will prompt you to open a
```

browser window, run through all traces with 'regl' in the tags, and store the
captured code into

> [src/generated/regl-codegen](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/blob/master/src/generated/regl-codegen).

Reviewer: Some of the captured code will also be stored into `src/traces/{scattergl,scatterpolargl,splom,parcoords}/`, right?

Or do those files need to be moved manually?

Author: Those files will get updated by the process (the imports will point to the new shader files), but they don't get any of the "captured code". I'll update this section to make it clearer.
